Do or do not, there is no try. - Yoda
Your life is ending one minute at a time. If you were to die tomorrow, what would you do today? - Narrator
It is never to late to become what you never were.
~The future will only contain what we put into it now.
Commute, work, commute, sleep...
Be realistic, demand the impossible.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and the human stupidity, and im not to sure about the former - Albert Einstein
The big thieves hang the little ones. - Czech Proverb
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Happiness isn't something you experience; its something you remember.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education. -Albert Einstein
Social engineering bypasses all technologies, including firewalls. -Kevin Mitnick
Never test the water with both feet.
One who annoys you, has conquered you. - xenoix 
Tomorrow's just a day away.
I don't drink milk. Milk is for babies. When you grow up, you gotta drink beer. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
There are only two hard problems in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things. - Phil Karlton
Speak only if you can improve the silence.  - Spanish Proverb
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.  - A.A. Milne
You want to know how I did it? This is how I did it, Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back. - Gattaca
Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing - Ron Swanson
But what is happiness? Its a moment before you need more happiness. - Don Draper
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. - Half Life
What is better? To be born good or to overcome you evil through great effort? - Paarthurnax
We buy things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people we don't like. - Narrator
Worry is interest paid in advance on a loan that never comes due - George Lang
On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero. - Narrator
How embarrassing. A house full of condiments and no food. - Narrator
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you. - Tyrion Lannister
Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow upon the wall. And a very small man can cast a very large shadow. - Varys
There is no creature on earth half so terrifying as a truly just man. - Varys
Those are brave men. Let's go kill them. - Tyrion Lannister
A wise man can change his mind.
You only look in your neighbor's bowl to ensure he has enough. - Louis C. K.
Being a professional means doing your job on the days you don't feel like doing it. - David Halberstram
Suffer the pain of discipline, or suffer the pain of regret. - Jim Rohn
You will judge yourself by your intentions, but others by their actions.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them. - Maya Angelou
Give a man a mask and he will show you his true face - Oscar Wilde
If you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. - Leo Tolstoy
Today you, tomorrow me. - Reddit
Anything not saved will be lost. - unknown Microsoft employee
Always be kind, for everyone is fighting a hard battle. - Plato
GPA is more of a measure of obedience rather than intelligence - MOWGL13
If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea. - Antoine de SaintExupéry
Knowing is not enough. We must apply. Willing is not enough. We must do. - Bruce Lee
A wise man learns more from a foolish question, than a foolish man learns from a wise answer. - Bruce Lee
Living well is the best revenge - George Herbert
So many books, so little time. - Frank Zappa
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. - Bapu
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. - Dumbledore
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results. - Vaas
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. - Dumbledore
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. - Bill Keane
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
~It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. - Friedrich Nietzsche
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. - Douglas Adams
~A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. - Steve Martin
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. - Marauders
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. - Dr. Seuss
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. - Dr. Seuss
~Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away. - Paul Terry
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
~One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. - Bob Marley
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. - Dr. Seuss
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking. - Murkami
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
Do one thing every day that scares you. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it. - Terry Pratchett
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive. - John Green
What a slut time is. She screws everybody. - John Green
Not all those who wander are lost. - J. R. R. Tolkien
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
~Always. - Snape
... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge. - Tyrion Lannister
Artificial intelligence is nothing compared to natural stupidity.
~Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it’s really how it works. - Steve Jobs
If you chase two rabbits, you will not catch either one. - Russian Proverb
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
A man wishing to be unhappy finds many ways to prove his course. - Hundred Eyes
I am part of all that I have met. - Ulysses
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. - Douglas Adams
Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
No friendship is an accident.
Cutting people out of your life is easy, keeping them in is hard.
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. - Emerson
Everything you can imagine is real. - Pablo Picasso
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default. - J. K. Rowling
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking. - Murakami
Missing is a good thing.
Please tell me you're seeing this too. - Rami "Elliot" Malek
Being polite costs nothing
The worst thing they can say is no. That one has gotten me raises.
If someone spoke bad about you, live in such a way that no one would believe it.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your arm.
In the pale light of the moon I play the game of you. Whoever I am. Whoever you are. All sense of where I am, of who I am and where I'm going has been swallowed by the dark. And I walk through the stars and sky...a trinity of dreams beneath the moon. - Neil Gaiman
You take what life gave you and you turn it into gold. It's going to burn but there is no other way to do it. - random youtuber's comment on https://youtu.be/NhpSjWadvh0
Good Data Science comes from good questions. It's like being a journalist - Sean Taylor
What do you want to be when you give up? - Cartoon from New Yorker
14:15 translation: the angles change in a lifetime in a triangle all the time. therefore there is a corner for enthusiasm, a corner for discipline and a corner for pragmatism. pragmatism means that you have to be able to succumb. if you don't succumb you cant' appreciate or understand others. it's all a mather of osmosis. we are not alone. - random youtuber on https://youtu.be/8uAHkngIyus
Business should be an amoral activity i.e. deviod of any ethical or moral dimension.
The limits of my language are the limits of my world. - Wittgenstein
I roll with winners homeboy, don't know about you - Accused in The Night Of S01E01
Uncertainty is an uncomfortable position. But certainty is an absurd one. — Voltaire
But people are too sophisticated, too nuanced, too complex, to be captured in numbers. We respond with our head to numbers; we respond with our heart to stories. God speaks to us in stories. The scriptures of every faith are collections of stories, not assemblages of data. - Suketu Mehta
Have you ever questioned the nature of your reality? - Bernard Lowe
An old friend once told me something that gave me great comfort. Something he read. He said Mozart, Beethoven and Chopin never died. They simply became music. - Dr. Ford
We can't define consciousness because consciousness does not exist. Humans fancy that there's something special about the way we perceive the world, and yet we live in loops as tight and as closed as the hosts do, seldom questioning our choices, content, for the most part, to be told what to do next. - Dr. Ford
Everything in this world is magic, except to the magician.  - Dr. Ford
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth. - Mohd. Ali
C'est la vie.
All the easy stuff has already been discovered by someone! - Shambhu in Aggarwal after KTG
Choice is an illusion. Everything is a calculated risk. Only time will tell how far off was your calculation. - Dodo to Shambhu
This is the last "summer vacation" - Dodo to Shambhu
Life is chess, not checkers. - Pvk
There's people who increment by x and then there's people who increment by 10x. Life shows you which is which... - Pvk
I really want to code some good website. Not Flipkart or Amazon, just my fav small websites. Like simple Google forms.But I don't want to start the pc.⁠ - Ashwin
Padhai kar lekin mazze bhi kar. - Shambhu
Why are people very anal about traceability? - Prof. Wing Wong
Look past the physical nature of the system but focus on the mechanisms that drive the behaviours of that system. - Prof. Wing Wong
Act on your temptations and strike them off - Prof. Wing Wong
You should now have the basic materials to build the poster. - Prof. Wing Wong
Any type of data analysis, you are looking at the traces and not the real thing. We are like archeologists. Never equate assumptions with real world. - Prof. Aron Lindberg
Questions? Comments? Quick emotional outbursts? - Prof. Michelle Lewski
Anyone can find the solution, finding the right problems is difficult - Prof. Wing Wong
Welcome to the Indianization and Chinification of the good old US eduction system. With relative grading, you are the enemy of who is sitting next to you. - Kulkarni Sir
You have to always 'go through the grind' that equips you to really reach your dreams. - Kulkarni Sir
So true na - just like talent, wisdom is often found in the youngest of individuals. While many things come from experience, some are people are just wired in a magical way for a certain trait. - Kulkarni Sir about Dhananjay Pandit
As Mad Hatter said in Alice in Wonderland - if you don't know where you want to go, it doesn't matter what path you take - Kulkarni Sir
You always meet people twice in your life. - Dr. Michael zur Muehlen
They had bananas but they used apple cutter to cut the bananas. - Prakhal D.
Why this mask? What does it help you in? Why do you like being enigmatic? - Alisha J.
More importantly, what if we go over to the Dark Side? - Dodo to PVK
Funny thing...  You are probably right now the furthest from being broken since you were broken... - PVK
Magic doesn't have tenses. It still is magic. - Alisha J.
We will wait for the Operating System. - https://youtu.be/eSyAbhA7wTA
Where does technology end and the social network pick up. Technology will fail. - Prof. Wing Wong
We do not need a lot of technology, we need people, we need motivated people, at least in the world today. - Prof. Wing Wong
There is a difference between ineptness and insecurity. Ineptness can be overcome by becoming adept. Insecurity is just a flaw which is intrinsic.
Don't let inertia be a system constraint! - Prof. Wayne Huang
Linear is easy! To tell someone to go from one end to another end, as compared to telling someone to go back? "What do you mean? Go back?" - Prof. Wing Wong
I feel the concept of time was invented just to make you feel nervous about everything. - S. S.
I think "pass the spatula" is my favourite response to uncomfortable questions. - S. S.
We aren't born just to pay bills. Take a walk with a smile and without your wallet to experiences the currencies of life. - Akhil Aryan
I feel like that impatient kid at the end of the queue of a rollercoaster who dying to jump the queue in order to get on the ride. - Dodo
You cannot solve the problems of tomorrow using the tools of today. - Prof. Wing Wong
happiness is a hot potato that you can't possess for long, you pass it on like a song. - Luv (Sic) pt 6
I might look calm and collected at a glance but I taste the void when I'm not connected to the world kinetic, as opposed to static idle hands a workshop of a digital addict (a modern-day addict) - Luv (Sic) pt. 6
An architecture is a snapshot of the thoughts at that time. - Prof. Wing Wong
There are two types of people who play football, majority are the ones who play when the ball comes to them, the others are the ones who actively seek the ball out. The majority then questions, why is the minority getting the ball? The fail to see the amount of hard work the minority did in order to get the ball and when presented with the oppurtunity, they had the skills to use it. - Prof. Wing Wong
I find as impossible to know the parts without knowing the whole, as to know the whole without specifically knowing the parts. - Blaise Pascal
The most important part of your professional wardrobe is your personality. Wear it with style. – Woody Wilson
Be a Tiger (picture of leaping tiger, hippos and monkey on the screen). - Wayne Huang
..because power is important - on gps watches during the 730 presentation
You put a filter on anything and it becomes 'art'. - darth-dodo to dj
..you always find the set of bad people first - Rushika Verma
We must all learn, practice and perfect the act of expressing our expectations explicitly. Misunderstandings of this nature have likely caused more pain, delay and failure than anything else. - Akhil Aryan
Je jassa dista tasse nasta mahnoonach jagg phasta - Dhananjay Pandit
~What would you like have, coffee or vodka? - Rishikesh Bane on Christmas morning '17
~We do not celebrate Christmas lately, but these days we are celebrating every day - Ken
That's a good question. Is this language same as Indian - Ken during Indonesian movie The Raid Redemption
~Sarge will die. Time to open other beer. This is a good movie. Cheers! - Ken during Indonesian movie The Raid Redemption
I don’t mean life-changing like a new home or a new job. I mean life-changing like the world flips upside down, dumps you on your face and then kicks you while you’re down for extra effect. - Charles Chu
Write programs that do one thing and do it well. - Douglas McIlroy
Most people don't even get to do The Brady Bunch version of the thing they want to do with their lives. You're actually in a really good position now, because you can pretty much do anything you want. You're responsible for your own happiness, you know? - Diane from Bojack Horseman
What we build and what we work really reflects our ideals and values - Daniele Procida
Art is how we decorate space, music is how we decorate time -  /u/aclayhutchhings
A little trauma can be illuminating - Bernard Lowe
Past seems distant, even when it is new and the future seems assured even if it is uncertain. - John 'Crash Course' Green
Life is like Tetris, errors pile up whereas accomplishments disappear.
On your last day on earth, the person you became will meet the person you could have become.
Shipping beats perfection. — Khan Academy’s Development Mantra
Some things are up to us, and some things are not up to us. — Epictetus, Stoic philosopher
You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that barks. ― Winston S. Churchill
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with. ― Jim Rohn
The trouble is, you think you have time” — Jack Kornfield
If you can do a task in two minutes, do it straight away. — Sam Bell
If you cut too many corners, you'll end up going in circles
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. - Albert Einstein
Startups exist to move fast. Speed is the weapon. Status quo is the enemy. - Hiten Shah
Is _______ a dream or a goal? There is a huge difference and mindset. - /u/impmd
~My father is too much of a realist to understand me and I am too much of an idealist to understand him.
Now go build awesome things. - DjangoRestFramework Docs
Learning to control the emotions is one of the most important aspect in life. - Ashwin
Just realized that I probably ran a sprint with a marathon attitude, no wonder I failed. - to Nagekar about Samagra fiasco
A smart enough AI would deliberately fail the Turning Test - @djhsteve
With humility comes greatness, with mediocrity pride.
"The relationship between what one is and what one desires to be causes fear." - Krishnamurti
Pearl, success comes to those who become success-conscious. If you don’t aim at an object, how the heck on earth do you think you can get it? - Bruce Lee
The best guys I've seen were problem solvers from their industry of choice. That, empathy, and communication. That's the only winning combo. The money will follow. - /u/budbuk
Life gets messy, but that doesn't mean we've messed up. - Franco Nilo
We're here for such a short period of time. Live like you're already dead, man. Have a good time. Do your best. Let it all come ripping right through you. - Jeff Bridges
Happiness and contentment is what is inside you, it's not found in a Tesla or home theatre system. Learn that before it is too late, or you'll end up crying all your life. - /u/teleph
You cannot learn everything in one day. - Viraj A.
You know who a loser is? A loser is somebody that's is so afraid of not winning, they  don't even try. - Little Miss Sunshine
Be patient, be resilient, be focused. - AngelList advice to younger self.
Your salary is the bribe they give you to forget your dreams - /u/jordanravengabriel
Your salary is the only thing preventing you from joining 23% of your countrymen/women who live below the poverty line. - /u/MadrasCalcutta
